Automation to save manual effort: 
ACM:SMS auto reply key words update
ACM: Workflow Schedule Spread - Batch
ACM: Weekly Active Customer Profiles 
CDP:SG, HK Health check report automation
CDP:license utilzaiton report 

Oberservability & Monitor:
Last 2 weeks delivery volume report for SG,HK 
countries all channels
Messages queued error - alert setup

Proof Point Block Monitoring - TW
UAE,Active Profile Threshold Alert - TW
UAE,Channel wise bounce report
Pending offer Report Consolidation

Upgrade: ACM upgrade , new client console onboarding 

CDP: data ingestion and audient activiatoin error , warning message consolidation. 
Workfront: 900+ user groups setup 

RCA:  5/18/10

BAU: 
187 incidents
17 changes
48 vendor tickets
749 tasks


Key Challenges
System capacity optimization
ACM high DB utilization(80), risk of storage constraints and performance impact
ACM –  Absence of structured capacity analysis framework
Limited monitor coverage
ACM –  RTIM batch rejects  – lack of alerting
ACM – New market onboarding (TW,UAE) ,  monitoring coverage gaps
ACM – Bounce rate and delivery metrics
Manual Work
ACM - (Prospect)Active Profile Volume
ACM - HK SMS auto reply Keywords update
CDP - License usage metrics (under review)
CDP – Health check
WorkFront – Health Check(under review)


ACM achievement

300 CCC members onboarded
a, accesss provisioin
b, client console installation 
c, individual folder creation and team orchestration 
d, issue identification and clarification 


CDP

dataflow error identification 
a. error investigation 
b. errors can be ignored 


CDP issue:
1. Corrupt file from athena 
2. Dataflow - Pega NBA CDP_HK invalid data issue 
CDP-Ehancement - dataflow Metrics missing 
3. alert configuration

Health check report
a, Grafana dashboard integration: MSL --> CDP 
b, license usage report integration :CDP license usage 
c, dataflow metrics & errors 
d, errors that can be ignored suppression 
e, new markets onboarding: IN, TW

AEC 
1. Support AAM decom 
2. VN market onboarded
4. TW user migration， IN user migration， UAE user migration 
5. Applicaiton onboard Entra and offboard from ForgeRock
6. report suite transfer and segment unpublish 

Certificate renewal
ACM: HK, IN , SG, TW, UAE
AEC, AEC, Appsflyer: Entra cert


Access management
1. User access provision according to SRM request(ACM, AEC(including Firefly & CDP ), WF, Appsfly )
2. CSR fulfullment and non compliance remediation 
3. AEC user migration(TW, IN，UAE, HK), huge amount of CSR gaps-- automation 
4. URA onboard support
5. Issue identified in URA in prod 

